Thank you for calling Allocorp.  In the last decade
we have restructured urban life by helping American citizens find housing in their income zone. This call will be monitored for quality assurance
"I'm sick of paying to live with five strangers in this shit hole."
"Why is my application still on hold?"
You apply for our houses at above your income level which is against --
"My daughters are sharing a room with a convicted criminal. When is somebody going to help me?"
I appreciate your patience. I understand how hard it must be --
"Don't patronize me! No, fuck you and your --"
Call terminated: profanity and threatening language.
Allocorp Customer Service, this is Ennis how may I help you?
"Hi, I'm a resident of Tenement B..."
Allocorp Employee Quarters
"It's now been three weeks with Congress still in gridlock.  A new estimate by the National Academy of Science predicts that in less than a year
California will have virtually no farmable land."
"I guess I'll update my file when I get my raise..."
"Thanks."
Call terminated.
You have received a notice from Corporate marked 'Urgent'.
Subject: Personnel Cuts
Body:
Dear Miss Leno,
This is a one-week notice of termination.
Allocorp's Customer Service division is being permanently dissolved due to recent advancements in our neural network program.
Please note: This immediately affects your housing in our employee quarters. You are transferred to Tenement C...
Finally got the last of us.
Fucking computers can do my job.
Ennis, your customer file has been created. Please verify your information.
Ennis Leno:
Born in Detroit, Michigan.
No spouse.  Parents deceased.
Granted residency in Zone C.
*something breaks*
Tier 3 income status
Welcome to Tenements C.  Thank you for your patience. You are next in line.
You okay?
I'm fine.
I'm sorry.
I'm supposed to be moving in today.
Sorry, I forgot.  You're ...?
Ennis.
Ennis, I'm --
-- Leda.
And this is Al.
So the top bunk is yours. There's just a lot of stuff there at the moment...
Uh, I can help you.
Oh no, don't worry about it. Uh, the bathroom is over there, there's no lock on the door though
so you're going to want to knock before you go in.
--All fixed!
I'm Al.
I'll help clean when I'm back.
Bye Leda.
Bye Al.
Good luck with the build!
"Welcome to Allocorp, pioneering housing one home at a ..." (fades out)
"I'm going to say this for the last time,"
"You cannot charge me anymore."
"Aren't you ashamed of what you're doing?"
"Do you have any decency?"
You should add that to the garden soon.
Yeah, I think you should come up tomorrow,
Those tomatoes are starting to ripen.
I know.
It's been crazy at the lab this week with all these samples.
How about you? How are the interviews going?
None of these change places wanna hire an old mechanic.
So you work in a garage?
I used to.
Actually, I owned the garage, but uh-
Allocorp.
Tore down the whole neighbourhood.
I helped build some luxury apartments right over me
our department lost its entire outdoor research facilities with them last year. Allocorp doesn't approach onto universities and hospitals this ... policy.
I think that's just what they tell people
What about you? How long have you lived here in Los Angeles?
Eight years
And... before that you lived...
Long
Well, the garden is up on the roof if you ever want to come up, umm.. do you garden
Not really
But I do like plants. Well, then you should definitely come check out my research lab
Yeah
Those are all GMOs
Coded to self-sustain germination past the toxic topsoil
Nice change of pace from all the big plants everywhere else
How do they grow so well
Our work, mostly
So, yeah, that's pretty much the whole place
It used to be huge, but when they tore down the old labs they shoved us all in here
I'm sorry. Don't be it's not your fault
Ready?
Bye Dr. Palmer. Bye, have a good one.
I like it in here
Haven't seen a place like this since school.
Well, you're welcome here anytime
Call terminated for aggressive behavior any feedback for me? No.
Leda Palmer born in Buffalo, New York
mother and two sisters
father unknown
granted
Allocorp customer service, this is Ennis how may I help you?
Uhm, are there any batteries left? The charger should be in my bag.
What you want to watch
Uhm...
Ennis do you work at Allocorp?
Why didn't you tell us. I just answered calls.
You should have said something
Miss Leno, right
Corporate decided to release you early. The new automated system is taking over most departments starting today
Well, can I go see there's anything left behind no you no longer work here so no, I can't let you do that
Allocorp customer service this is Ennis how may I help you?
My daddy used to make me garden with him.
I was never any good at taking care of plants
My last one died in two weeks
They kicked me out today
I know I should've quit sooner but.
I didn't know what else to do. Nobody does
Here